I am Rahaf Fadi Nasser, studying medicine at Al-Azhar University in
Gaza. I was displaced from north to south in the first
week of the war, to the door of our city. I am
going
and wash, oh the Jordan River, embracing
the churches, because there were many fire belts there and
a lot of continuous fire. This is what kept us displaced
from the first
week.  God suffices me, and He is the best disposer of affairs. After we were displaced, my
whole house was gone. The music
I used to play
was gone. All my memories and childhood toys
that I had kept in my
house were gone. I was going to pray.
The message that I want to convey to the world is
that when they want to move to defend us, they
move
because...  Hearing a sound or not a foot
[applause]
Barbaric z